docs content updates (#83)
github/gh-stack: docs/src/content/docs/faq.md

### How can I modify my stack?

> Use `gh stack modify` to restructure a stack. It opens an interactive TUI where you can reorder, drop, fold (combine), and rename branches — then applies all changes at once. See the [Restructuring Stacks](/gh-stack/guides/modify/) guide for a full walkthrough.

Reviewer: TUI meaning.. terminal UI?

Author: Ah yes, good callout, let me clarify that:

```suggestion
Use `gh stack modify` to restructure a stack. It opens an interactive terminal UI where you can reorder, drop, fold (combine), and rename branches — then applies all changes at once. See the [Restructuring Stacks](/gh-stack/guides/modify/) guide for a full walkthrough.
```
